nvim.lazy/TODO.md, before:

- [ ] Add: that plugin that can select function and stuff using motion. cfi for change inside of a function and stuff.
- [x] Add: keymap to captialize a word
      Solved: just use gu and gU.
- [x] Add: keymap to select a word and wrap in parenthsis, or quote, or brackets
      Solved: use mini.nvim commands

- [ ] Investigate: How to restore the functionality of dashboard c key to go into the telescope configs, right now the ~/.config/nvim/ is just bunch of symlinks, and telescope seem to be having trouble grabbing them?

  - temporary solution: tmux binding to open in original path, not the symlinked path in

- [ ] Find a way to trigger completeion suggenstions manually
- [ ] Find out why the suggenstion tooltip is transparent, can't read shit on it
- [x] Change notification pop up to not top right corner

- [x] change: Disable auto pairing by default

- [ ] Add: Make a new keybind for captialize first letter when a word is selected
- [ ] Add: Make a new keybind for captialize first letter of first word of a line
- [ ] Change: } and { doesn't change the jump list

- [x] Change: Telescope input box to the top of the window

Commit message:

todo: [x] Change: Remap increment and decrement selection with treesitter

nvim.lazy/TODO.md, after:

- [x] Add: keymap to captialize a word
  - Solved: just use gu and gU.
- [x] Add: keymap to select a word and wrap in parenthsis, or quote, or brackets
  - Solved: use mini.nvim commands
- [x] Find a way to trigger completeion suggenstions manually
  - set new nvim-cmp mapping, with <C-k> when in insert mode
- [x] Change notification pop up to not top right corner
- [x] change: Disable auto pairing by default
- [x] Change: Telescope input box to the top of the window
- [x] Change: Remap increment and decrement selection with treesitter

- [ ] Add: Make a new keybind for captialize first letter when a word is selected
- [ ] Add: Make a new keybind for captialize first letter of first word of a line
- [ ] Change: } and { doesn't change the jump list
- [ ] Add: that plugin that can select function and stuff using motion. cfi for change inside of a function and stuff.
- [ ] Find out why the suggenstion tooltip is transparent, can't read shit on it
- [ ] Investigate: How to restore the functionality of dashboard c key to go into the telescope configs, right now the ~/.config/nvim/ is just bunch of symlinks, and telescope seem to be having trouble grabbing them?

  - temporary solution: tmux binding to open in original path, not the symlinked path in
